Allow using patterns to match multiple Secret or ConfigMap fields (#27)
strimzi/kafka-kubernetes-config-provider: README.md

    ssl.truststore.certificates=${secrets:myproject/my-cluster-cluster-ca-cert:ca.crt}
    ```

## Using patterns

> You can also use [Glob patterns](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) to specify the keys in the Secret or Config Map that should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use [Glob patterns](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) to specify the keys in the Secret or ConfigMap that should be used.
```

> The Kubernetes Config Provider will find all fields matching the pattern and join them together into some value.

Reviewer: "into some value"? "some" sounds to me to be something indeterminate ... what did you mean?

Author: I changed it to single -> `into a single value` ... that should make sense here

This is useful for example when you want to load multiple certificates from a Secret into a single field.
With an example Kubernetes Secret container multiple certificate files:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: certificates
data:
  ca.crt: ...
  ca2.crt: ...
  ca3.crt: ...
```

You can use the provider to load all of the certificates by using the key pattern `*.crt`:

```properties
config.providers=secrets
config.providers.secrets.class=io.strimzi.kafka.KubernetesSecretConfigProvider
...
ssl.truststore.certificates=${secrets:myproject/certificates:*.crt}
```

By default, a new line will be used as a separator when joining the different values.
But you can configure the separator if you want to use a different one:

>   ```properties

Reviewer: adding new line before the snippet
